Learn chunk size docs (#1)
3coins/jupyter-ai: docs/source/users/index.md

    alt='Screen shot of a "/learn -d" command and a response.'
    class="screenshot" />

> With the `/learn` command, some models work better with custom chunk sizes and chunk overlaps. To override the defaults,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `/learn` command, some models work better with custom chunk size and chunk overlap values. To override the defaults,
```
